just like the Israelites whose backs
were breaking under the strain of their
labor we have lived through the
hopelessness of losing weight we may not
have blood frogs and gnats but we have
clothes that are too tight and
exhausting by 10 a.m. trouble breathing
and trouble sleeping indigestion and
nagging comments perhaps many of you can
identify with me if you cannot you can
change right now if you too are crying
out to your Heavenly Father to save you
from this heartless slave driver called
food then you are ready for the Exodus
you have to be religious to do this
program
well yes God wants us to stop reading
the labels on the side of the food
packages and to start reading the labels
of our heart walk away from the food and
into the private room and talk to God of
course you can talk to him in your car
or in a room full of people he does not
care what you look like he is not a
Wimpy lover he's a passionate jealous
God I almost lose my breath when I think
he's trying to get my attention let him
feel you as you have never been filled
before it tasted my mouth of knowing
that the Lord could fill me up um I had
to have it
I could really actually depend on God to
be my Abba Father and to be my daddy
well you don't know God if I have that
much love for my dogs and that much
jealousy to have their devotion think
about how God feels toward you many
songs can become God's love song to you
or your love song to him he is very
personal and your heart starts to pound
even harder for God you may not be
convicted that eating a few more bites
is going to hurt God one could be
sneaking into the kitchen and having a
secret rendezvous with the fudge he
knows if your heart still loves that
food loving the food which is adultery
against the Lord is not if it's not
repented of will cause pornography
adultery
be soap operas uppers drunkenness
compulsive shopping excessive work
exercise and indulgences of all kinds to
me this is the cancer that permeates
America when you decide I'm going to eat
but you're not at God's hunger point
you've listened to Satan we've bought
into Satan's ploy to undermine all
authority to the point that we're not so
sure that God designed and placed all
authority and all people in leadership
if you can't submit to your boss that
you do see you can't submit to God whom
you don't see God is the CEO and you're
at best the employee or manager a
co-worker one day to ask me if I would
be on this diet for the rest of my life
and I said well if you consider
obedience to God a diet man yes women
submitting to to and obeying their
husbands are in essence obeying God as
time passes the wife might forget to do
the husband's laundry no laundry from
the right heart or the beloved not a
problem no laundry from the adulteress
heart big problem do you expect a man
just a man to continue a covenant
relationship with his wife if she became
a prostitute and would not repent if we
adore food we become like a refrigerator
if we adore Christ however we will
become like him well do you feel like
the Israelites do you feel as if God has
brought you out into this desert to
starve you to death
God hurts and eventually becomes angry
and he can let you die in the arms of
Egypt if that's what you want so do not
worry let's look at the hearts of some
of God's favorite people who got it I
want to smile man it fell on the floor
and I said I don't want the ice cream
after that I've had things fall on the
floor the dog has eaten some of some
food that I was intending to eat or the
phone has rang oh yes
pate asparagus mmm
oh there's a foreign object in my soup
waiter micaceous burns I need some
quiche
[Applause]